Update custom openmetrics check guide to use OpenMetricsBaseCheckV2 (#12203)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/custom_checks/prometheus.md

The names of the configuration and check files must match. If your check is called <code>mycheck.py</code> your configuration file <em>must</em> be named <code>mycheck.yaml</code>.
</div>

> Configuration for an Openmetrics check is almost the same as a regular [Agent check][4]. The main difference is to include the variable `openmetrics_endpoint` in your `check.yaml` file. This goes into `conf.d/kube_dns.yaml`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Configuration for an Openmetrics check is almost the same as a regular [Agent check][4]. The main difference is to include the variable `openmetrics_endpoint` in your `check.yaml` file. This goes into `conf.d/kong.yaml`:
```
